hello and welcome to mr. Herbert science
class today we're going to talk about
moving a piano
you should have seen how much work it
was to get it out of the other house
first had to be tipped up on end and
then put on the dolly
then it was wheeled around the corner
out into the living room laid back down
flat again put on the dolly taken down
the front steps of the house and out
into this truck tremendous amount of
work
now let's move it into my den
we got
yeah he's entering the ramp
good you're there
haha gotta get on in there do you press
down shot
these guys from more than Jim Piano
Company let me ask you how much does
that weigh 700 pounds that is a lot of
weight to maneuver around
now you're gonna have a a good two inch
rise now
we're in one side you're in
you know put this picture in the Soviet
people
to put it on YouTube then are you
putting on YouTube in front of oh yeah
you have to keep in contact with me John
just joined the Marine Corps and I thank
you from the bottom of my heart for your
service
that's good you sure yeah well we can
move it a few inches either way
ourselves that's a good job you guys did
a good job
I'm talented
good job amplify
the concern here
well this is an incredibly complicated
mechanical piece of equipment by the way
it looks and I can see just a bunch of
hoses down at the run to each key
the screw looks like it's slipping this
whole gear looks like it's slipping now
see if this works
Margot let's see if I can get this
alright I'll throw this thing into
reverse and there's a lever here and we
push that over here
rewind
you